docs(i18n): include translation status in contributing guide (#1734)
elk-zone/elk: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Internationalization

We are using [vue-i18n](https://vue-i18n.intlify.dev/) via [nuxt-i18n](https://v8.i18n.nuxtjs.org/) to handle internationalization.

> You can check current [translation status](https://elk-docs.netlify.app/docs/guide/contributing#translation-status): more instructions on table caption.

Reviewer: Isn't `docs.elk.zone` ?

```suggestion
You can check current [translation status](https://docs/elk.zone/docs/guide/contributing#translation-status): more instructions on table caption.
```

Author: it is `docs.elk.zone`

Author: cannot apply your suggestion, the link is wrong ;)

Reviewer: updated

If you are updating a translation in your local environment, you can run the following commands to check the status:
- from root folder: `nr prepare-translation-status`

> - change to `docs` folder and run docs dev server `cd docs && nr dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- change to `docs` folder and run docs dev server `nr dev`
```
change to docs folder is redundant
